oh yeah guys what's going on so i
laughed
so hard when i re-watched this scene and
i really wanted to make a lesson with it
for you
and you might be a little bit surprised
by the ending and also i have some
fantastic news
we are celebrating 3 million subscribers
here on youtube
so we have something special planned for
you in just a little bit
but before we get into that i want to
let you know that if you are new here
every single week we make new lessons
with your favorite tv series
movies and more so that you can
understand
fast speaking natives without getting
lost without missing the jokes and
without subtitles
like ahmad who says that our lessons are
more effective for learning english than
anything else that he's found on the
internet so if you want to take your
fluency to the next level
then join our community of over 3
million learners
by hitting that subscribe button and the
bell down below and you won't miss a
single one of our new lessons
[Music]
wow this place is fabulous
yeah yeah let me show you around this is
the uh downstairs living room what what
there's two living rooms
ah growing up here this place must have
been a real babe magnet
uh well it would have been but uh my
parents just moved here oh
well you should know this place is a
real big magnitude
want to make out
you know here's an idea why don't uh i
put the food in the fridge
and we can eat it later that sounds like
a plan
um is there a place that i could go
freshen up oh yeah yeah um
just down the hall and uh second door to
your left
oh hi darling oh dad what are you guys
doing here oh
we cut the trip short france sucks
um this may be a little weird but uh
i've got a date here
i almost say no more we'll just grab
some food and take it with us upstairs
and we'll be right out of your hair
oh that that'd be great so you didn't
even get to italy yep
sucks
[Music]
wow this place is fabulous
rachel here could have said this place
is great or
awesome or maybe fascinating there are
many alternatives to good or even great
fabulous is one of them oh would you
guys mind it's not a problem we'll watch
the kids okay yes you go take care of
that fabulous restaurant of yours that
we cannot wait to try
whenever you think you're using a word
too much consider incorporating synonyms
and learning in what context one
specific word is appropriate
and when it's not you can only learn
that by exposing yourself to english
as much as possible watching tv is one
fabulous way to do that
okay let me show you around this is the
downstairs living room
when we say this inside of a house or
building we can also say
let me give you a tour both of these
expressions mean to show
someone the different rooms and areas of
a house or building
if you go to another city to visit a
friend he or she could show you around
the city as well
susan's going to be shooting a
commercial in london next week oh yeah
i'm so excited i've never been there oh
well i'll show you around oh that'd be
great
ah growing up here this place must have
been a real babe magnet
a babe is a sexually attractive young
woman
a magnet is this so whatever you call a
bay magnet is something that attracts
women
you know it'll be okay it'll be okay
because when they come over i will be
all charming
i will make them fall in love with me
and then we'll tell them you really
think that'll work hey i can be pretty
charming babe
one you over didn't i then the phrasal
verb
to grow up means to pass from childhood
to adulthood
so by growing up rachel was referring to
the time when he was a child or
adolescent
it's the first edition of hitchhiker's
guide to the galaxy
i remember it was your favorite book
growing up in this example
the idea is basically that was your
favorite book when you were younger
i still can't get a straight answer
about who my real dad is and barney's no
help
he still believes every lie that my mom
told us growing up
not me i caught on early we'll watch
this part again
but this time pay attention to how they
say the word have
ah growing up here this place must have
been a real babe magnet
well it would have been but uh my
parents just moved here oh
the reduction of have is a great example
of connected speech at play
if you pronounce this word by word it
would be
must have been or would have been
far from that we say must have been and
would have been
let's practice the shadowing technique
with the following clips
so try to imitate exactly what they say
ah growing up here this place must have
been a real babe magnet
uh well it would have been but uh my
parents just moved here oh
when did you start to feel like a father
i guess it must have been the day after
you were born
do you think that i would have been the
one who
no no well you should know this place is
a real big magnitude
want to make out make out is a phrasal
verb that refers to kissing
hey and teddy doesn't get here for
another 30 minutes till then let's
miguel great
plan
you know here's an idea why don't i put
the food in the fridge and we can eat it
later that sounds like a plan
we often say something sounds like a
plan to say that what someone has
suggested is a great idea
i'll tell you what let's just go back to
your loft and try again
just hang out oh now i mean
i just got here maybe later
okay that sounds like a plan
um is there a place that i could go
freshen up
to freshen up means to make oneself
clean by washing or changing into clean
clothes
so uh shall we get this party started
great
is there somewhere where i can just
freshen up
sure the bathroom's down the hall okay
which of these is another meaning of
this phrasal verb
to brush one's teeth to improve one's
skills or knowledge of something
to sweep or mop the house
if you guess b you're right let's see an
example using it in this way
example you could freshen up your
italian with some conversation classes
oh hi darling oh dad what are you guys
doing here
here we can observe a great deal of
reduction in the question
what are you guys doing here
oh hi darling oh dad you guys down here
reduction means making sounds shorter so
instead of
what are you we say what are you
and then there's linking as well so we
pronounce a number of words as one
let's see some other similar examples
what are you guys doing
so uh what are you guys doing now native
pronunciation and connected speech like
we have seen so far in this lesson can
be confusing and difficult to understand
you know often i hear learners say that
natives speak too
fast but this isn't the real problem for
why you can't understand
the real problem is that you are not
accustomed to how we cut
and link our words together but you can
become accustomed to it
and that is exactly why it is a core
foundation of our fluent with friends
course
our students learn to master connected
speech so that they can
confidently communicate and understand
natives at any speed
hey guys just a quick interruption so
that i can share my excitement with you
so we are celebrating three million
subscribers here on learnings with tv
series
and the whole real life team and i
really cannot believe it
we are just so happy to see that our
lessons are helping millions of you to
change
your view of learning english i mean it
doesn't have to be a dry
and boring school subject that you have
to learn it can be a part of your life
that you enjoy and is meaningful to you
so as we continue to grow we are
committed to bringing you
more and better lessons and resources
both
here and on our second youtube channel
real life english
and with the new fluency app that we're
developing for you
well to thank you for all of your
support and to help you continue making
learning english both
fun and effective we have a special
present for you
for the next week so we are offering you
a spectacular 51
discount on our fluent with friends
course now wouldn't you just
love it if this time next year you could
enjoy your favorite tv series
and movies even without the subtitles
and wouldn't it be incredible
if you could master native connected
speech just like we've shown you in this
lesson
well our student julian from france says
that he cannot believe
how many idioms he's learned and how
much better he understands natives
so to learn more about the course and
how you can get fluent with friends
it's really simple just click up here or
down description below
and remember if you want to get that 51
discount all you have to do is use the
code 3 million at
checkout now remember this is only
available for the next week
now let's get back to this hilarious
lesson with friends
oh dad what are you guys doing here how
will we cut the trip short
france sucks if you cut an activity
short
it means that you stopped doing it
sooner than expected
if we say that something sucks we mean
it's very bad
know that if you say this to a person
it's a very offensive insult
hey you know cool it guys really you
suck man
can we stop obsessing about the
honeymoon it's just not where my head is
right now
okay and honestly i think we may have to
cut it short
we'll just grab some food and take it
with us upstairs and we'll be right out
of your hair
literally grab means to take something
with your hand but we usually also use
that a little bit more
loosely in collocations such as grab
some food
or grab something to eat meaning to get
or buy
food or to set plans to eat something
well actually i'll go i'm gonna go grab
some coffee
well um you wanna go grab some lunch
sure
we'll just grab some food and take it
with us upstairs and we'll be right out
of your hair
the expression to be out of someone's
hair is used to mean that you'll remove
yourself when you are interrupting what
someone was doing or annoying them in
some way
so what joshua's dad means here is that
they will go
upstairs so they don't interrupt his
date
example she didn't want to bother their
studying so she brought them some snacks
then got out of their hair
[Music]
hi you oh my god
i know i can do more than cook
i like her she seems smart rachel is my
parents
oh joshua that dollars was for
groceries
what th this no oh no no no no this is
not that's not what that's not what it
is
see okay i work in fashion see and and
this is a real dress actually it is
they're
they're wearing it in milan it's so
part of my job is to wear the clothes
and then i see how people respond and
then i report back to my
superiors at bloomingdales
and obviously in uh in this case i
am going to report back usa
not ready maybe in l.a
yes there you go so have your kids eaten
yet
well oh we were going to do that after
i'm um
next well we're starving why don't we
just all go get something
oh yeah well yeah no use wasted this
baby just lying around the house
so we'll go eat you'll wear that
we'll be eating and of course you'll be
wearing that
[Music]
oh joshua that 500
was for groceries apparently joshua's
mother thinks rachel's a prostitute
joshua hired for 500
the additional humor here is that joshua
is an adult
and his parents left him money to buy
things at the supermarket while they
were gone
so part of my job is to wear the clothes
and then i see how people respond and
then i report back to my
superiors at bloomingdales
bloomingdale's is an american department
store chain that sells luxurious items
and expensive clothing
and obviously in in this case i
am going to report back usa
not ready maybe in la
joshua's mother's joke gives us cultural
insight about the differences between
new york
where friends takes place and la which
is short for los angeles
this may refer to how los angeles is
where hollywood is so you can find
much more daring fashion like the odd
clothes that celebrities sometimes wear
or the fact that the weather is much
warmer in southern california
than in new york well we're starving why
don't we just all go get something
oh what do you think starving means in
this context they are very hungry
they are very tired they are very full
[Music]
right if you say that you're starving
you mean that you're really hungry
now for a harder one what's another way
we could say this
we're famished we're dying of hunger
we're so hungry we could eat a horse
in fact all of these are correct let's
see some examples
i know you're starving the neighbors
know you're starving they're starving
people in africa no you're starving
i am family do i want please god don't
let it be kung pao
chicken so most times we use starving to
mean that we're hungry
but on a more serious note starvation
refers to the continuous condition of
not eating enough food
yeah well yeah no use wasted this baby
just lying around the house
baby here is used as slang sometimes we
say it in this way to refer to something
cool
or expensive like a car my lucky dress
wasn't working out too well for me
but for four years this baby never
missed
wow this place is fabulous
yeah yeah let me show you around this is
the uh downstairs living room what what
there's two living rooms
ah growing up here this place must have
been a real babe magnet
uh well it would have been but uh my
parents just moved here oh
well you should know this place is a
real big magnitude
want to make out
you know here's an idea why don't uh i
put the food in the fridge
and we can eat it later that sounds like
a plan
um is there a place that i could go
freshen up
[Music]
oh yeah yeah um just down the hall and
uh second door to your left
oh hi darling oh dad what are you guys
doing here oh
we cut the trip short
[Music]
france sucks
um this may be a little weird but uh
i've got a date here
i almost say no more we'll just grab
some food and take it with us upstairs
and we'll be right out of your hair
oh that that'd be great so you didn't
even get to italy yep
sucks
[Laughter]
hi you oh my god
i know i can do more than cook
[Laughter]
i like her she seems smart rachel's my
parents
oh joshua that five hundred dollars was
for
groceries
what the this no oh no no no this is not
that's not what that's not what it is
see okay i work in fashion see and and
this is a real dress actually it is
they're they're wearing it in milan
so part of my job is to wear the clothes
and then i see how people respond
and then i report back to my superiors
at bloomingdales
and obviously in uh in in this case i
am going to report back usa
not ready maybe in
l.a yes there you go so have your kids
eating yet
well oh we were going to do that after
um
next well we're starving
why don't we just all go get something
oh yeah
well yeah no use wasting this baby just
lying around the house
so we'll go eat you'll wear that
we'll be eating and of course you'll be
wearing that
you wore your 90 to dinner oh yeah and
uh the best part though was when the uh
waiter spilled water down my back i
jumped up and my boob popped out
oh no yeah it's all right i got nice
boobs
so i hope you have had a ton of fun
learning with today's lesson you laughed
a lot
with that twist at the end now remember
to celebrate
3 million subscribers we are offering
you a 51
discount on our fluent with friends
course but just for the next week
so to learn more about that just click
the link down in our description
and to get that discount remember to use
the code three million at checkout
and now it's time to go beyond the
classroom and live your english
ah yeah how long do you want the cuffs
at least as long as i have the pants
i just got that
okay now we'll do your inseam
yo paisan